I need you to design 2 files: run_fire_mapping.py as the high level file which will call fire_mapping_cli.py. Remember that we will not use any GUI, purely terminal based for me.
Please understand how the current fire_mapping with Viirs gui work, by reading README in viirs package. 
I can tell you that the main idea is so similar, except that, WE DONT NEED TO INTERACT WITH the GUI, so in Viirs we dont need to play, pause, pan, zoom,... we only need whatever that relates to the instruction I am giving you:
Please write the high level file to another package in this bill, but the cli file will be in the same folder as py/fire_mapping 
Please also write README file for the high level package.

I. run_fire_mapping.py

    This script will require 2 things, a raster image and a shapefile:
        + Raster Image: this can be a big raster with many fires in that, but doesnt matter for now
        + Shapefile: This shapefile contains many polygons (or 1), each has many attributes, I only need (please use the exact things I wrote, they are not typo): 
            FIRE_NUMBE : eg C11659
            FIRE_DATE : when fire was estimated to start. 

    Download:
        Like in the GUI, we will download the VIIRS data using the input raster image, start and end date will be first FIRE_DATE and last date of the last FIRE_YEAR in the shapefile, respectively. Whenever I mention date, keep in mind that it has format YYYY-MM-DD
        If tokens are not found, please let them paste token in the terminal, and ask if they want to save in the /data/ something I dont remember, README mentions it.
        The saving format, directory name, just like VIIRS, as mentioned, it works just like VIIRS GUI but we dont interact, and many functions are not needed.
        Remember that once download is done, next time running the run_fire_mapping again should check and only download those that are not there, I think VIIRS GUI does it.

    So now, we have the rasterized accumulated fire pixels of the whole raster. Let's get into the business.
        Now we use the shapefile as the pivot. it is like a for loop, which will call fire_mapping_cli.py for each fire and write a mapping to files.
        dont parallelize this because the mapping uses GPU.

    Processing for each fire, so create the subfolder called fire_mapping_results, within each, there will be many other sub folders with named {FIRE_NUMBE}, where we will be storing relevant files and the mapping as well:

        For each polygon in the shapefile (read shapefile_polygons.png for a better understanding), we will extract the corresponding raster using geolocation. Please keep in mind that the projection system of the raster is the main, all of the later must follow, even this shapefile.

        So the process goes:
            We want a cropped version of the raster (subscene) that is maximum 100pixels (please make it one optional arg) away from each edge of the polygon, of course it could be lower if 100 pixel totally goes out of the raster file, so maybe the min(100, ..) I dont know (Top, Botton, Left, Right). So minimum would be the actual distance that is in the raster. If the box that we want to cut the raster out for mapping doesnt have the raster at all, then ignore it and print that out on the terminal, then move on to the next polygon, or if you see that the geolocation of the polygon are completeltely outside of the big raster, then can skip instantly, and print status for this {FIRE_NUMBE} too. For each processing please have the terminal print out carefully which files is being processed, which is being written, ... Status, within a box style.
            Like I want to crop the big raster to each small one based on each fire in the shapefile. 

        Remember we didnt accumulate any fire pixel, because each fire has a different FIRE_DATE, now we do it individually for each:

            Based on the box of the CROPPED RASTER, we will get a corresoponding accumated and rasterized fire pixels. Starting from 5 days before the FIRE_DATE and end date will be processed: 

                END DATE: It should be the latest date of any pixel falling inside of the current polygon. Please find a smart way to handle that. Remember that each fire pixel does have date.

            We only store the final accumulation file (with start and last actual end date) in this folder named by the FIRE_NUMBE, dont need a whole folder for it like the GUI does, just store the accumated shape (the final one), and use the last one for rasterization. SO 2 files, maybe?

            The folder looks like, 
                + raster image
                + fire_mapping_results

                    + C11659
                        - the cropped raster, of course with all geolocation written, the band names should be the same, ... because we just cropped, so maybe the only differnce is in the map info?
                        - the accumated file.shape
                        - the rasterized version of that accumated.being
                        - mapping product produced by the fire_mapping_cli.bin
                        - the comparison plot.png, with 3 methods, the VIIRS, the polygon and the brushed mapping by the cli, all projected onto the same raster, ... You can downsample the raster when saving png. Please include the FIRE_NUMBE, start and end date of the fire corresoponding to the FIRE_DATE and detection date of the last pixel (we only use the 5 days before FIRE_DATE rule when accumulating, you know whaat, if within that 5 days, there is a pixel detected, then START DATE for the plot title should be the earliest dectection of any pixel in that polygon.)

    It will call fire_mapping_cli with positinal: the cropped raster.bin, the accumulated pixels.bin (as the guess) and the hyperparameters for the model. Please note that, those hyperparameters should be available as optional arg to the run_fire_mapping.py as well.


II. fire_mapping_cli.py

    This will not show any GUI, only performs the mapping process and saves the binary mapping in the same folder as the raster image passed in (the cropped one), in this case, it will automatically be known to save inside the FIRE_NUMBE folder.

    Of course, it should also perform the brushing just like the VIIRS GUI when I clicking on fire mapping, the output files from the brushing should also be saved in the same folder. 

    Remember, no GUI and plot pop up during the process. After mapping and brushing is done, as I mentioned I need a 3 picture plot, which shows how good each type of mapping can cover the fire. 

    Remember that, the image that is used as the background for the projection in the png plot, should be the same as the one that is used to pass in qgis in the GUI viirs, I think it's first 3 bands in the post image (the same as the default band selection in the VIIRS GUI).


Please think carefully, design a good system, read the existing files carefully because this idea uses a lot from them. And prepare a nice and easy to read README in the new package folder as well (cli should be in py/fire_mapping/, it should use the import just like its GUI version, so only write 1 file at all for cli.) No qgis pop up ok!


    

        
        

            


    


